forgive me I don't see Prince Doran in
your company
he sends his brother Prince Oberyn to
attend the royal wedding instead why did
you come to King's Landing Prince Oberyn
the mountain killed my sister your
father gave the order tell your father
I'm here
tell him the Lannisters aren't the only
ones who pay their debts so you admit
you murdered qhorin Hovind the half an
believed their only chance to stop mance
was to get a man inside his army while
we sit here debating which rules I broke
Mance Rayder marches on the wall with an
army of a hundred thousand there's a
band of wildlings south of the wall
already led by tormund Giantsbane I
killed their warg and three others they
shot me full of arrows the orders are to
attack Castle black from the south when
mance hits it from the north they say a
thousand slaves died building the Great
Pyramid of marine and now an army of
former slaves is marching to her gates I
may be a fool I'm a living fool thanks
to you I can never repay you you don't
need my life but this this is worth more
than money
now wear it with pride Saddam boots
I know him the small one his name is
polliver he captured us and took us to
Harrenhal fine little blade maybe I'll
pick my teeth with it
father if float him peeled a few bits
removed a few others I needed Theon I
needed him whole Theon was our enemy but
rake rake who never betrayers
Jay has been noticed Sansa's maid saw
you with her she already told your
sister it's only a matter of time before
your father hears she won't leave
they've told him this is a dangerous
place so many times she no longer
believes it
your father has promised to hang the
next [ __ ] he finds you with I can't be
in love with the [ __ ] I can't have
children with the [ __ ]
well when yours have you been with
enjoyed my time with all of them and I
have enjoyed my time with you most of
all but now that time is over
[Music]
[Applause]
look for me beneath the trees
no uncle
you can be my cupbearer good knees
washing down
[Music]
you did
he poisoned my son get him where are we
going somewhere safe
[Music]
I should get back those are things to
look for me
first you'll want your pay wait you did
wonderful work on Joffrey the next one
should be easier in the Seven Kingdoms
plenty worse than me
I just understand the way things are how
many stars they got to behead before you
figure it out
Joffrey the user Joffrey Baratheon
I said those words when I tossed a leech
into the fire the leech filled with
bastard blood soldiers win wars soldiers
on the ground it's dirty on the ground
we don't have any gold not yet I'm
running out of time so Davos which means
you're running out of time
I need you to write a message go on to
the offices of the iron bank of Braavos
from Stannis Baratheon the one true king
of Westeros what are they saying about
me out there you're to stand trial in a
fortnight
so murdering the king if the wildlings
breach the wall they'll roll over
everything and everyone for a thousand
miles before they reach an army that can
stop me dear Mary not Mastin genic 996
on now
Geri clemency shame of Bourke Easter
yelling Jonah's motto so grace Posey Leo
shank Vasquez Palacio Nia ryofu's - a
mole
Valar morghulis the origin kotas debajo
Jeeva Delphis son buddy UGA but Jimmy
seed leave us there Moz MA
[Music]
[Applause]
where are you taking me I'm getting
married to your aunt Eliza she's waiting
for us at the Eyrie
did you kill Joffrey did I catch off me
do you remember that lovely necklace
Dontos gave you the poison that was
something my new friends wanted very
badly nothing like a thoughtful gift to
make a new friendship grow strong you
don't think I'd let you marry that beast
to you I don't understand you
don't you worry yourself about all that
the bastards well-liked you're not what
you think I care if they like me we're
at war for now but you can't be acting
commander forever there will be a
choosing might reconsider his request to
march on Craster's let the mutineers
take care of snow well you might be
taking orders from him the rest of your
life Valyrian steel hmm you'll use it to
defend Ned Stark's daughter
I'll find her I'm going beyond the wall
to Craster's keep I'm going to capture
the mutineers holed up there or kill
them I'm asking for volunteers to come
with me first of his name king of the
Andals and the first men and Lord of the
Seven Kingdoms there's other news from
young Kai without the unsullied to
enforce your rule the wise masters have
retaken control of the city and in
Astapor the council you installed to
rule over the city has been overthrown
by a butcher named Cleon how can I rule
Seven Kingdoms if I can't control
slavers Bay
I will not sail for Westeros what then I
will do what Queens do I will rule my
flesh and blood it's wonderful to meet
you
no one can know you're here but is in a
very precarious position what wife would
do for you of the things I've done for
you you gave me those drops and told me
to pour them into Jon's wine my
husband's wine but if you like Peter do
with your body unless oh no no our young
pretty body nothing I'm a bird you don't
lie to me
you'll hurting me I swear to you that
he's never touched me not once not ever
who taught you that shines the greatest
swordsman who ever lived
Syrio Forel your friends dead and Meryn
trant's not cause Trant had armor and a
big [ __ ] sword get some rest
you move it's sundown yeah that's what
[Applause]
five you want to stay here in Craster's
keep burn it to the ground